README.md, before:

# Character Generator

An interactive full-stack application built in collaboration using the MVC model

## Description

-

## Table of Contents

- [Built Using](#built-using)
- [Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributions](#contributions)

## Built Using

![html shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Handlehars](https://img.shields.io/badge/Handlebars.js-f0772b?style=for-the-badge&logo=handlebarsdotjs&logoColor=black) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

## Deployed Application

## Installation

## Usage

## Screenshots

## Credits

- Adam Santillana
  - https://github.com/Adam42288
- Brigita Biederman
  - https://github.com/bravenbright
- Carlos Bautista
  - https://github.com/CxLos
- Mark Barstow
  - https://github.com/marchetype
- Sam O'Cain
  - https://github.com/samocain93
- With assistance led by Jason Vissage (TA) and Torre Taylor (Instructor)

## License

- [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributions

- 

## Socials

Commit message:

added some tw styling for sheet. need to test when able to view

README.md, after:

# Character Generator

An interactive full-stack application built in collaboration using the MVC model

## Description

- Fantasy and roleplaying games are beloved by millions all over the world. Whether as a tabletop game, on a computer, or playing on a console online with friends, these types of games embody a huge community of devoted followers. Our goal was to help create an application that allowed users to create, store and view characters that they can use within their roleplaying game. With our site, users will have the opportunity to create a login, create new characters, assign them to a class, and be able to view them within their profile for use at any time.

## Table of Contents

- [Built Using](#built-using)
- [Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributions](#contributions)

## Built Using

![html shield](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Handlehars](https://img.shields.io/badge/Handlebars.js-f0772b?style=for-the-badge&logo=handlebarsdotjs&logoColor=black) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![Sequelize](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sequelize-52B0E7?style=for-the-badge&logo=Sequelize&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/Heroku-430098?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white)

## Deployed Application

## Installation

## Usage

## Screenshots

## Credits

- Adam Santillana
  - https://github.com/Adam42288
- Brigita Biederman
  - https://github.com/bravenbright
- Carlos Bautista
  - https://github.com/CxLos
- Mark Barstow
  - https://github.com/marchetype
- Sam O'Cain
  - https://github.com/samocain93
- With assistance led by Jason Vissage (TA) and Torre Taylor (Instructor)

## License

- [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Contributions

-

## Socials
